Add config option to disable dmidecode (#25108)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/configuration/client.mdx

  the preferred family. When the option is not specified, the current behavior is conserved:
  the first IP address is selected no matter the family.

> - `cpu_disable_dmidecode` `(bool: false)` - Specified if the client should not use dmidecode
>   as a method of cpu detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cpu_disable_dmidecode` `(bool: false)` - Specifies the client should not use dmidecode
  as a method of cpu detection. Nomad ignores this field on all platforms except Linux.
```
